chore: Docs/superset1.3 release notes (#16390)
apache/superset: RELEASING/release-notes-1-3/README.md

<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

# Release Notes for Superset 1.3

> Superset 1.3 focus on hardening and polishing the superset user experience, with tons of UX improvements and bugfixes focused on charts, dashboards, and the new dashboard-native filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Superset 1.3 focuses on hardening and polishing the superset user experience, with tons of UX improvements and bug fixes focused on charts, dashboards, and the new dashboard-native filters.
```

- [**User Experience**](#user-experience)
- [**PR Highlights**](#pr-highlights)
- [**Breaking Changes and Full Changelog**](#breaking-changes-and-full-changelog)

# User Experience

> One major goal of this release is to improve and harden dashboard-native filters. These filters live at the dashboard-level instead of within a chart, and affect all charts under their scope within a dashboard. Improvments in this release include clearer visual indicators of what charts are within the scope of a selected filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One major goal of this release is to improve and harden dashboard-native filters. These filters live at the dashboard level instead of within a chart and affect all charts under their scope within a dashboard. Improvements in this release include clearer visual indicators of what charts are within the scope of a selected filter.
```

![dashboard native filter scoping](media/dashboard_native_filters_1.jpg)

Native-filters can also be set to load collapsed, which also improves connected thumbnail and alerts/reports functionality.

![dashboard native filter collapsed](media/native_filters_collapsed.png)

For charts, we've added a new funnel chart.

![funnel chart](media/funnel_chart.png)

Users can also now use Jinja templating in calculated columns and SQL metrics.

![jinja templating](media/jinja_templating.png)

At the dashboard level, work has been focused on improving available information and UX ergonomics. Users can now download a full .csv of the full dataset behind a table chart from the dashboard.

![export full csv](media/export_full_csv.png)

> Continuing the on theme of making more things accessable directly from the dashboard, users can now view the SQL Query behind any chart directly from the dashboard as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuing on the theme of making more things accessible directly from the dashboard, users can now view the SQL Query behind any chart directly from the dashboard as well.
```

![view query dashboard](media/view_query_dashboard.png)

# Developer Experience

> The API has recieved a new endpoint to allow the developer to pass DB specific paremeters instead of the full SQLAlchemy URI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API has received a new endpoint to allow the developer to pass DB-specific parameters instead of the full SQLAlchemy URI.
```
